>> Stephen: I WON'T DO IT
WITHOUT YOU.
>> OKAY.
>> Stephen: HEY!
AND WELCOME TO "A LATE SHOW."
I'M YOUR HOST, STEPHEN COLBERT.
AND I'M HAPPY TO SAY TODAY I'M
JOINED AS MY STAGE MANAGER AND
CAMERAMAN AND SOUND PERSON, MY
LOVELY WIFE, EVIE.
EF, WON'T YOU JUST JOIN US?
THANK YOU VERY MUCH!
>> HELLO.
>> Stephen: THERE YOU GO!
WE JUST GOT A "MATURE" RATING.
AND IT MAKES ME HAPPY TO HAVE MY
WIFE HERE, AND I NEED SOMETHING
TO MAKE ME HAPPY, AND I'M SURE
YOU DO, TOO.
BECAUSE YESTERDAY, WE AS A
NATION HIT A TERRIBLE MILESTONE
IN THE PANDEMIC, BECAUSE THE
UNITED STATES JUST PASSED ONE
MILLION CORONAVIRUS CASES.
THOUGH "SOME DISEASE RESEARCHERS
HAVE ESTIMATED THAT THE TRUE
NUMBER OF INFECTIONS MAY BE
ABOUT TEN TIMES THE KNOWN
NUMBER."
THAT'S NOT EXACTLY COMFORTING,
SOME DISEASE RESEARCHERS!
YOU NEVER HEAR A MOM TELLING
HER KID, "I KNOW YOU'RE SCARED
OF THE MONSTER UNDER YOUR BED,
BUT, ACTUALLY, THERE COULD BE
TEN MONSTERS UNDER YOUR BED.
BUT THERE'S NO WAY TO KNOW,
BECAUSE THEY'RE INVISIBLE.
GOOD NIGHT!"
EVEN MORE TRAGICALLY, THE NUMBER
OF U.S. CORONAVIRUS FATALITIES
IS NOW GREATER THAN U.S. LOSSES
IN THE VIETNAM WAR.
AND JUST LIKE IN THE VIETNAM
WAR, DONALD TRUMP IS AWOL.
THAT'S HOW YOU SPEM AHOLE,
RIGHT?
>> YES.
>> Stephen: SO AMERICA HAS
OVER ONE MILLION CORONAVIRUS
CASES AND MORE FATALITIES THAN
VIETNAM.
THERE'S NO GETTING AROUND IT:
THIS IS A SOLEMN DAY-- FOR
EVERYONE EXCEPT PRESIDENTIAL
SON-IN-LAW, AND MAN WATCHING YOU
ENJOY THAT LOLLIPOP, JARED
KUSHNER.
HERE'S WHAT HARED SAID THIS
MORNING ON THE FOX AND THE
FRIEND.
>> I THINK THAT WE HAVE
ACHIEVED ALL THE DIFFERENT
MILESTONES THAT ARE NEEDED.
SO THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT ROSE
TO THE CHALLENGE, AND THIS IS A
GREAT SUCCESS STORY.
AND I THINK THAT THAT'S REALLY,
YOU KNOW, WHAT NEEDS TO BE TOLD.
>> Stephen: (AS JARED)
"YES, IT'S A GREAT STORY.
MORE PEOPLE DYING UNDER THIS
ADMINISTRATION IN 100 DAYS THAN
DIED IN 20 YEARS OF THE VIETNAM
WAR.
THAT'S A STORY THAT NEEDS TO BE
TOLD.
PERHAPS IN THE BLOCKBUSTER
MOVIE 'PREVENTABLE APOCALYPSE
NOW.'"
AND I'M BEING TOLD WE HAVE A
CLIP.
>> THE SUCCESS...
THE SUCCESS...
>> Stephen: THE PRESIDENT WAS
ASKED ABOUT THOSE INFECTION
NUMBERS TODAY.
>> Reporter: TODAY WE HAD A GRIM
MILESTONE OF ONE MILLION CASES
OF THE CORONAVIRUS.
BACK IN LATE FEBRUARY, YOU
PREDICTED THAT THE NUMBER OF
CASES WOULD GO DOWN TO ZERO.
HOW DID WE GET FROM YOUR
PREDICTION OF ZERO TO ONE
MILLION?
>> WELL, IT WILL GO DOWN TO
ZERO, ULTIMATELY.
>> Stephen: OKAY, SURE.
TECHNICALLY, IN TIME, WE ALL
EVENTUALLY GO DOWN TO ZERO,
WHICH IS THE ULTIMATE TARGET
WEIGHT.
TRUMP HAS BEEN CRITICIZED FOR
THE LACK OF TESTING, BUT HE
DOESN'T SEE THE PROBLEM.
>> WE ARE DOING MORE TESTING
THAN ANY OTHER COUNTRY IN THE
WORLD BY FAR.
SO, WE'RE GONNA SHOW MORE CASES,
BECAUSE WE ARE DOING MUCH, MUCH
MORE TESTING, DOUBLE ANYBODY
ELSE.
SOMEBODY SAID IF YOU ADD
EVERYBODY ELSE COMBINED, THAT
WOULD BE A NUMBER.
>> Stephen: HE'S RIGHT.
THAT WOULD BE A NUMBER.
TOMORROW, HE'S GOING TO DO
COLORS AND SHAPES.
PLUS, IT MAY BE A NUMBER, BUT
DON'T BELIEVE TRUMP.
THAT NUMBER IS NOT ONE, BECAUSE
WHEN IT COMES TO PER-CAPITA
TESTING, THE UNITED STATES. IS
BELOW THE WORLD AVERAGE AND
ABOUT THE SAME AS BELARUS.
NOW, IF YOU DON'T KNOW, BELARUS
WAS FORMERLY PART OF THE SOVIET
UNION AND CURRENTLY A COUNTRY
YOU DON'T WANT TO BE "ABOUT THE
SAME AS."
NOW, THIS PRESS CONFERENCE WAS
SUPPOSED TO BE ABOUT EVERYTHING
HE WAS DOING TO HELP SMALL
BUSINESSES, AND TRUMP HIT THEM
WITH SOME PHILOSOPHY.
>> SMALL BUSINESS.
IT IS ACTUALLY VERY BIG
BUSINESS, WHEN YOU THINK ABOUT
IT.
>> Stephen: (AS TRUMP)
"SMALL IS ACTUALLY VERY BIG.
AT LEAST THAT'S WHAT I PAID
STORMY TO SAY."
THE WHITE HOUSE IS HAVING TO DO
SOME CLEAN-UP AFTER MIKE PENCE
VISITED THE MAYO CLINIC AND
WOULDN'T WEAR A MASK.
FINALLY, A MEDICAL EXPLANATION
FOR WHY SEEING MIKE PENCE'S FACE
MAKES YOU FEEL ILL.
AND IT EXPLAINS WHY HIS SECRET
SERVICE AGENT WAS WEARING THIS
ONE.
PENCE WAS ASKED ABOUT HIS
DISREGARD FOR THE RULES, AND
HE SAID THIS:
>> SINCE I DON'T HAVE THE
CORONAVIRUS, I THOUGHT IT WOULD
BE A GOOD OPPORTUNITY FOR ME TO
BE HERE, TO BE ABLE TO SPEAK TO
THESE RESEARCHERS, THESE
INCREDIBLE HEALTHCARE PERSONNEL,
AND LOOK THEM IN THE EYE AND SAY
THANK YOU.
>> Stephen: YOU CAN STILL LOOK
THEM IN THE EYE WITH A MASK.
IT'S NOT A BLINDFOLD.
ALSO, "I DON'T HAVE
CORONAVIRUS" ISN'T AN EXCUSE FOR
NOT PROTECTING OTHER PEOPLE.
IT'S LIKE A GUY SAYING, "I DON'T
NEED TO WEAR A CONDOM.
I WANT TO LOOK YOU IN THE EYE
AND SAY THANK YOU."
THAT WAS POLITE.
NO, YOU DON'T LIKE THAT ONE?
TOO BAD.
BY THE WAY, FOR MIKE PENCE,
"LOOKING YOU IN THE EYE" IS
SECOND BASE.
PENCE POINTED OUT THAT HE'S
PRETTY SURE HE'S NOT CONTAGIOUS.
>> I'M TESTED FOR THE
CORONAVIRUS ON A REGULAR BASIS,
AND EVERYONE WHO IS AROUND ME IS
TESTED FOR THE CORONAVIRUS.
>> Stephen: NONE OF US CAN GET A
TEST, AND YOU'RE OUT THERE
BRAGGING ABOUT HOW OFTEN YOU'RE
TESTED.
THAT'S LIKE MOTHER TERESA
VISITING THE HUNGRY WHILE
SCARFING A HOAGIE.
THE REASON WE HAVE TO WEAR MASKS
IS THE VIRUS IS STILL OUT THERE,
AND WE HAVE TO BE WARY OF IT
WHEN GATHERING IN PUBLIC SPACES,
WHICH WE'RE ABOUT TO DO A LOT
MORE OF BECAUSE THE BIGGEST MALL
OPERATOR IN THE UNITED STATES
PLANS TO REOPEN 49 OF THEM.
NO!
BOOD MALL!
THAT'S NOT A GOOD IDEA.
WE MUST KEEP SOCIAL DISTANCING
FROM AUNTIE ANNE.
SHE'S VERY OLD.
AND SO ARE THE PRESSILS.
THE MALLS ARE MAKING SPECIAL
SAFETY ANNOUNCEMENTS, AND FOOD
COURT SEATING WILL BE SPACED TO
ENCOURAGE SOCIAL DISTANCING, AND
REUSABLE TRAYS WILL BE BANISHED.
THAT'S RIGHT-- "BANISHED."
"HEAR YE, HEAR YE, HIS NOBLE
HIGHNESS BURGER KING HEREBY
BANISHES FROM THE REALM ALL
REUSABLE TRAYS.
AND FOR FAILING TO BEAR HIM A
SON, HER MAJESTY, THE DAIRY
QUEEN, SHALL BE BEHEADED WITH A
PLASTIC SPORK."
AS A FURTHER PRECAUTION, IN
RESTROOMS, EVERY OTHER SINK AND
URINAL WILL BE TAPED OFF.
WELL, THAT'S AT LEAST GOOD NEWS
FOR ONE COMPANY: RALPH'S SINK
AND URINAL TAPE.
"IT'S BOOM TIME, BABY!
IN YOUR FACE, 'JOHNNY'S BIG
GARBAGE BAG YOU PUT OVER THE
WHOLE TOILET!'"
WITH THESE MALLS OPENING UP,
IT'S AN EXCITING OPPORTUNITY FOR
STORES THAT CATER TO SOCIAL
ISOLATION, LIKE "FOREVER 21 FEET
APART," AND "GAMESTOP."
THERE WAS AN INSPIRING MESSAGE
TODAY FROM NEW YORK GOVERNOR AND
MAN WATCHING STEPHEN MILLER
SWALLOW A MOUSE, ANDREW CUOMO.
AT TODAY'S COVID BRIEFING, CUOMO
STRESSED THAT IT'S ORDINARY
AMERICANS LIKE YOU WHO ARE
LEADING THE WAY ON THE
CORONAVIRUS RESPONSE.
AND ARTS AND CRAFTS WERE
INVOLVED.
>> I WANT TO SHOW YOU A
SELF-PORTRAIT THAT WAS DONE BY
AMERICAN PEOPLE.
THIS IS A SELF-PORTRAIT OF
AMERICA.
OKAY?
THAT IS A SELF-PORTRAIT OF
AMERICA.
AND YOU KNOW WHAT IT SPELLS?
IT SPELLS "LOVE."
WE'VE RECEIVED THOUSANDS OF
MASKS FROM ALL ACROSS AMERICA,
UNSOLICITED, IN THE MAIL:
HOMEMADE, CREATIVE, PERSONAL,
WITH BEAUTIFUL NOTES FROM ALL
ACROSS THE COUNTRY.
LITERALLY.
JUST SAYING, "THINKING ABOUT
YOU," "WE CARE," "WE LOVE YOU,"
"WE WANT TO HELP."
>> Stephen: THAT IS BEAUTIFUL,
BUT YOU KNOW WHAT I BET THOSE
NOTES DIDN'T SAY?
"WHY DON'T YOU STAPLE GUN THESE
MASKS TO A WALL?"
AGAIN IT IS A BEAUTIFUL-- IT IS
A LOVELY GESTURE.
GOD BLESS EVERYONE WHO DID THIS.
BUT WE'RE GOING THROUGH A
PANDEMIC.
I'M NOT SURE THE BEST USE OF
MEDICAL EQUIPMENT IS MAKING A
COLLAGE.
THAT'S LIKE A FOOD BANK SAYING,
"THANKS FOR YOUR DONATION!
THIS CAN OF BEANS WILL BE A
GREAT ADDITION TO OUR BEAN CAN
WALL!
IF YOU LOOK CLOSELY, IT SPELLS
'BEAN.'"
NOW-- YOU WEREN'T SURE WHERE
THAT JOKE WAS GOING, WERE YOU?
YOU'RE NOT SURE, WOULD THIS BE
WORTH THE TRIP?
>> I DON'T KNOW IF IT WAS.
>> Stephen: TOTALLY WORTH THE
TRIP.
THERE IS SOME GOOD COVID NEWS
OUT THERE.
RESEARCHERS AT OXFORD UNIVERSITY
HAVE DEVELOPED A VACCINE THAT'S
EFFECTIVE IN MONKEYS.
OH, THOSE LUCKY MONKEYS, ALWAYS
GETTING THE FIRST INJECTIONS.
WHILE THE REST OF US ARE
COOPED UP AT HOME, THESE MONKEYS
ARE WALKING AROUND RESUMING
THEIR NORMAL LIVES LIKE SPORTS,
CAT WASHING, AND WRITING MY
SHOW.
RESEARCHERS INOCULATED SIX
MONKEYS WITH THEIR VACCINE.
THESE ANIMALS WERE THEN EXPOSED
TO HEAVY QUANTITIES OF THE
VIRUS, I ASSUME BY GOING BOWLING
IN GEORGIA.
BUT HERE'S THE GOOD NEWS: MORE
THAN 28 DAYS LATER, ALL SIX WERE
HEALTHY.
THIS IS IMPORTANT, BECAUSE
ACCORDING TO THE RESEARCHER WHO
CONDUCTED THE TEST, "THE RHESUS
MACAQUE IS PRETTY MUCH THE
CLOSEST THING WE HAVE TO
HUMANS."
WELL, ANY DRUNK, LONELY
ZOOKEEPER COULD HAVE TOLD YOU
THAT.
OXFORD'S SCIENTISTS HAD ALREADY
BEEN WORKING ON A VACCINE FOR A
DIFFERENT STRAIN OF CORONAVIRUS,
SO IF THIS VACCINE PROVES SAFE
AND EFFECTIVE, THE FIRST FEW
MILLION DOSES COULD BE AVAILABLE
BY SEPTEMBER.
YES!
JUST IN TIME TO GO OUT AND RAKE
THE FALL LEAVES.
AND THEN USE THEM AS TOILET
PAPER.
BECAUSE I'M DEFINITELY GOING TO
RUN OUT BY THEN.
THIS VACCINE PRESENTS ONE
ETHICAL DILEMMA.
SEE, SCIENTISTS CAN'T EXPOSE
TEST SUBJECTS TO A DANGEROUS
VIRUS ON PURPOSE, LEADING ONE
RESEARCHER TO SAY, "WE'RE THE
ONLY PEOPLE IN THE COUNTRY WHO
WANT THE NUMBER OF NEW
INFECTIONS TO STAY UP FOR
ANOTHER FEW WEEKS, SO WE CAN
TEST OUR VACCINE."
REALLY, YOU'RE THE ONLY PEOPLE?
HAVE YOU MET VICE PRESIDENT
DISEASE VECTOR?
CORONAVIRUS IS IMPACTING EVERY
ASPECT OF OUR LIVES.
AND NOW IT'S COME FOR OUR MOST
PRECIOUS RESOURCE, AWARD SHOWS,
BECAUSE THE ACADEMY OF MOTION
PICTURE ARTS AND SCIENCES HAS
ANNOUNCED THAT, DUE TO THE
NATIONWIDE LOCKDOWN, THE 2021
OSCARS WILL CONSIDER FILMS THAT
DIDN'T PLAY IN THEATERS.
OKAY, WELL, THIS IS HUGE NEWS
FOR ALL 412 HALLMARK CHRISTMAS
MOVIES LIKE "THE CHRISTMAS
SANTA," "A SANTA FOR CHRISTMAS,"
"ALL I WANT FOR CHRISTMAS IS
YOU, SANTA," AND "'TWAS THE
NIGHT AFTER CHRISTMAS."
IT'S MOSTLY ABOUT BREAKING DOWN
BOXES.
THE ACADEMY STRESSED THAT THIS
CHANGE ISN'T PERMANENT, AND THE
TEMPORARY RULES ARE VERY STRICT,
BECAUSE TO BE CONSIDERED, THE
STREAMED FILM MUST HAVE ALREADY
HAD A PLANNED THEATRICAL
RELEASE.
AND, LIKE PREVIOUS OSCARS, THE
FILMS MUST BE ABOUT A WHITE
PERSON SOLVING RACISM.
I'VE GOT TO SAY, I AGREE WITH
THE ACADEMY-- IN FACT, I THINK
THEY SHOULD GO FURTHER.
BECAUSE YOU KNOW WHAT MOVIES
RELEASED STRAIGHT TO STREAMING
ARE?
TV!
IPSO TUXED-O, I SHOULD BE
ELIGIBLE FOR AN OSCAR!
MY SHOW IS EXACTLY LIKE A MOVIE:
THERE'S A SOUNDTRACK, THERE'S
BIG STARS, AND NO GOOD TIME TO
SNEAK OFF TO THE BATHROOM.
I USUALLY JUST GO DURING
"MEANWHILE."
WE'VE GOT A GOOD SHOW FOR YOU
TONIGHT.
MY GU GUESTS ARE SENATOR AMY
KLOBUCHAR, AND MAYOR PETE
BUTTIGIEG.
BUT WHEN WE RETURN, SEX.
WHAT?
WHY ARE YOU LAUGHING WHEN I
SAID, "SEX?"
WHY DOES THE IDEA OF SEX AND ME
MAKE YOU LAUGH?
STOP?
OKAY.
I SHOULD STOP.
♪ ♪ ♪